Pages:
1) Login and registration
Opens when non-authorized user visits the site.
User can login with his unique login-password, to register or search users/groups.
2) Registration
To register user must fill all fields in registration form.
Login must be unique.
Race can be selected from existing or new one added.
Acceptable symbols: letters, numbers, -, _.
3) Search form
Acceptable symbols: letters, numbers, -, _.
Special symbols: *(any number of symbols missed), ?(one symbol missed)
If fields not filled - count as *.
Symbols, that used to search, can be in any position. (*<search symbols>*).
(Category (if we use them) - show in results selected, if none selected - count as any category)
4) Search results
Contain search results.
Opens after search forms.
Button "Return" opens previous page with opened search form, filled with parameters, that was used to open this search result.
a) User search results:
List of users. Users shown as they profile photo and name - in any case, highlighted parameters related to search parameters - if this parameters used in search request. 
Mouse click open user profile.
b) Group search result:
List of groups. Groups shown as they profile photo and name - in any case, highlighted parameters related to search parameters - if this parameters used in search request.
Mouse click open group.
When authorized user points to a group with mouse, shows additional buttons: join group and search for participants.
5) Profile
On profile page user can see: name, race, age, sex, profile picture, clipped list of groups.
Mouse click on race open search results with users of same race.
Mouse click on "Show all groups" reveal full list of groups on user`s page.
6) Group
On group page any user can see: group picture, owner name (and link), list of participants, posted messages with name of writer and date.
Authorized user additional can see and use: field to write message, button to post message, button to delete message on his posted messages.
Group owner can additional can see and use: settings button, button to exclude selected user, button to delete any posted message.
7) Profile settings
Contain editable text fields with login, name, age and button "edit". Fields filled with current information. Modification of this information and click on "edit" button replace current information with new one.
Contain button "Change password", that opens pop-up window, that asks for old password, new one and confirmation of new password.
Contain current profile picture and button to update it.
8) Group settings
Contain editable text fields with name filled with current information and button "edit". Modification of this information and click on "edit" button replace current information with new one.
Contain current group picture and button to update it.
(Category field, if we use it, and drop-down menu to select)
9) Top line
Contain Login button (switches to Profile button if user authorized), search drop-down menu, exit button (if user authorized)